WTF?!
The main goal of this project is creation of embeddable version of DosBox,
which may relatively easily run on something really low-cost. Like STM32
microcontrollers.
So the first thing needed to be done is truncation of source code tree.
The vanilla dosbox compiled on $(see gcc.ver) weights 10.8 MB*
Current version (on the same machine with the same toolchain) weights 7.8 MB*
and still counting down.
This is a fun weekend project, so don't expect anything really usable :)
But if you want to run your beloved DOOM** or even a full Win95 install on a 
homebrew USB-stick-sized picoPC (which will cost you around $15) -- feel free
to contribute and share the fun! 
*-----
	Unstripped versions
**----
	Yes, I know about over 9000 implementations of DOOM or Quake engines, but
	it's not what I want to see. Porting a full DOS makes it possible to run
	heavy old programs (not only a games) without a pain of porting.


TODO

0. Write TODO

1. Truncate the code tree to exclude everything unneeded
	Scalers: this thing is really useful but render_scalers.o only weights > 3MB
	and so that's a real problem! In our setup we will scale image down to fit
	the small cheap 320x240 TFT display instead of enhancing quality to show on
	full-wall-sized plasma TV.
	Debug: debugger usability in embedded systems is a hard question. Moreover,
	internal DosBox debugger makes it not possible to run some DPMI apps.
	For example, Win95 crashes after showing a desktop. The solution for now
	is to leave the code on place, but undef all C_DEBUG defines.

2. Decide what to do with SDL.
	Pros: SDL has well-maintained code and it's really simple to write your
	own hardware driver and put it to the tree.
	Cons: SDL has weight. There's not so much things to do with this fact.

3. Refactor code. It's highly improbable that we will want to merge something
from upstream DosBox due to fact of everything we want is already working.

4. Select a chip to port this thing into and draw the schematics (and PCB
layers of course)

5. Write the ld script for a chip selected (arm/chip/load.ld)
6. Write our own crt0 replace for this chip (arm/chip/start.S)

